Explain ISM + link (#7787)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/refresh-analyzer.md

# Refresh search analyzer

> You can refresh search analyzers in real time with the following API. This requires the [Index State Management]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/ism/index) (ISM) plugin to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refresh search analyzers in real time using the following API. This requires the [Index State Management]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/ism/index/) (ISM) plugin to be installed. For more information, see [Installing plugins]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/plugins/).
```
